AE 487 failed transaction handler (#7)
arbitraryexecution/forta-perpfi-suite: README.md

>   - Fired when an account in accounts.json has a balance lower than the threshold set in accounts.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fired when an account in account-addresses.json has a balance lower than the threshold set in agent-config.json
```
